Enable local-only mode for scraping options (#311)
gesellix/couchdb-prometheus-exporter: README.md

    couchdb-prometheus-exporter --couchdb.uri=http://couchdb:5984 --couchdb.username=root --couchdb.password=a-secret

> It is also possible to fetch the stats from a single node, using the scrape.local option, e.g. Like this:
> 
>     couchdb-prometheus-exporter --couchdb.uri=http://couchdb:5984 --couchdb.username=root --couchdb.password=a-secret --scrape.localnode=true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to fetch the stats from a single node, using the scrape.localonly option, e.g. Like this:

    couchdb-prometheus-exporter --couchdb.uri=http://couchdb:5984 --couchdb.username=root --couchdb.password=a-secret --scrape.localonly=true
```
